Feature/helper scenes (#10)
mobillium/iOS-Guidelines: project-folder-structure.md

<a name="helper"></a>
 ## Helper
 
 <details>
 
 Helper should be divided into swift files according to their process rather than a general helper. For example FirebaseHelper.swift, StripeHelper.swift. Helpers should be under the **Helper** folder.

 ```text
 ├── ProjectFolder
   ├── Helper
     ├── Helper classes
 ```
 </details>

<a name="scenes"></a>
## Scenes

<details>

> Scenes should be divided into modules and modules should be under the **Scenes** folder. If a scene has flow for more than one scene it should be seperated to another folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Scenes should be divided under the **Scenes** folder. If a scene has flow for more than one scene it should be separated to another folder.
```
